_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About Grant Garrett-Grossman"
excerpt: "Welcome to my website!"
layout: single
---

## Who am I?
Nice to meet you! My name is Grant Garrett-Grossman (yes, I know my initials are awesome), your average bilingual in English and French (shooting for tri with German) Computer Science major (and with any luck soon to be Global Studies minor) at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. I am also a recovering French Baccalaureate student and graduated from the [Lycée Français de Chicago](http://www.lyceechicago.org/) (a high school in Chicago following the French government curriculum).

My mission in life is to clone raptors (check out this [four winged microraptor](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/the-largest-flying-dinosaur-was-a-four-winged-raptor), I mean how cool is evolution, at least until mammals), become a professional pirate, and discover the answer to the meaning of life the universe, and everything (or at least the question).

Aside from that, I can typically be found reading the nearest book, listening to Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer, and/or coding (you can check out some of those projects [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/portfolio)).

## About this site
Welcome to my website! It probably looks pretty empty to you now, but that is about to change. It hosts a combination of my portfolio and various mostly tech related blog posts, musings, and tutorials. Meanwhile, if you have to time to burn, you are welcome to poke around.

Commit message:

Updated about me and portfolio.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About Grant Garrett-Grossman"
excerpt: "Welcome to my website!"
layout: single
---

## Who am I?
Nice to meet you! My name is Grant Garrett-Grossman, a Computer Science major and Global Studies (with a thematic focus on Governance, Conflict, and Resolution) minor at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. 

I survived the French Baccalaureate program in high school [at the Lycée Français de Chicago](http://www.lyceechicago.org/) and emerged from that fire bilingual in French and English with a decent grasp of German. You can probably find me reading the nearest book, biking, or coding (you can check out some of those projects [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/portfolio)).

My interests involve international security and the role computer science plays in strengthening and undermining it.

## About this site
Welcome to my website! It hosts a combination of my portfolio and various mostly tech related blog posts, musings, and tutorials. If you have to time to burn, please feel free to poke around.
